The first module called ‘construction.js’ was expanding the initial spawn with 4 extensions forming a ‘plus’ sign with a spawn at the center with roads without any gaps which forms a diamond shape. The function inside ‘construction.js’ called `scanDiagonally()` would scan each side of the initial spawn model to check if it can replicate itself while sharing the same road with different structures like a tower, storage, or extension instead of a spawn at the center in those directions. There were conditionals for each controller level since it dictates the number and type of available structures. Once `scanDiagonally()` depletes its available expansion directions, another function called `scanCardinally()` would essentially do the same thing except in different directions throughout the controller levels. We anticipated that during a week, the controller level will not reach 7, so up to end of level 6, there will be 9 large diamonds (making sure the initial spawn was set in an open area) into one big diamond reaching the maximum capacity of towers, storage, extensions. My original requirement for this module was to set the initial spawn anywhere with specific structures surrounding it forming a tight diamond shape, scan its sides diagonally, use up all the available number of extensions no matter the level, keep setting construction sites on the same side that it started setting, `scanCardinally()` to prioritize cardinal directions in between two diamonds then other available cardinal directions to expand, and scan areas further than the 9 diamonds forming 1 big diamond if spawn were to not be set in an open area for expansion. The other module was ‘roomDefense.js’ which essentially finds all the exits in the room where spawn is located and encloses it with walls and 1 rampart per side, accounting for walls and swamps. I had to reduce the requirement to not set any rampart or walls construction sites instead of finding paths around it to close the exit. Overall, given a limited debugging environment ‘training mode’ to increase the controller level to hit the conditionals that would form construction sites as how we wanted it worked without any errors on the final production.